% CARGO-UPDATE(1) The Rust package manager  | Cargo Manual
%
% May 2016

# NAME
cargo-update - Update the package dependencies


# SYNOPSIS
*cargo update* \[OPTIONS]


# DESCRIPTION
Update dependencies as recorded in the local lock file.

This command requires that a *Cargo.lock* already exists as generated by *cargo
build* or related commands.

If *SPEC* is given, then a conservative update of the *lockfile* will be
performed. This means that only the dependency specified by *SPEC* will be
updated. Its transitive dependencies will be updated only if *SPEC* cannot be
updated without updating dependencies.  All other dependencies will remain
locked at their currently recorded versions.

If *PRECISE* is specified, then **--aggressive** must not also be specified. The
argument *PRECISE* is a string representing a precise revision that the package
being updated should be updated to. For example, if the package comes from a git
repository, then *PRECISE* would be the exact revision that the repository
should be updated to.

If *SPEC* is not given, then all dependencies will be re-resolved and updated.

For more information about package id specifications, see "cargo help pkgid".


# OPTIONS

-h, --help
:   Print this message.

-p *SPEC*, --package *SPEC ...*
:   Package to update.

--aggressive
:   Force updating all dependencies of \<name> as well.

--precise *PRECISE*
:   Update a single dependency to exactly *PRECISE*.

-v, --verbose
:   Use verbose output.

-q, --quiet
:   No output printed to stdout.

--color *WHEN*
:   Coloring: auto, always, never.


# SEE ALSO
cargo(1)


# COPYRIGHT
This work is dual-licensed under Apache 2.0 and MIT terms.
See *COPYRIGHT* file in the cargo source distribution.
